Mention GRV & Commit proxy in docs and add backward compatibility for configuring proxies (#3817)
apple/foundationdb: design/recovery-internals.md

## `ServerDBInfo` data structure

This data structure contains transient information which is broadcast to all workers for a database, permitting them to communicate with each other. It contains, for example, the interfaces for cluster controller (CC), master, ratekeeper, and resolver, and holds the log system's configuration. Only part of the data structure, such as `ClientDBInfo` that contains the list of GRV proxies and commit proxies, is available to the client.

Whenever a field of the `ServerDBInfo`is changed, the new value of the field, say new master's interface, will be sent to the CC and CC will propagate the new `ServerDBInfo` to all workers in the cluster.

## When will recovery happen?

> Failure of certain roles in FDB can cause recovery. Those roles are cluster controller, master, GRV proxy, commit proxy, transaction logs (tLog), resolvers, and log router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failure of certain roles in FDB can cause recovery. Those roles are cluster controller, master, GRV proxy, commit proxy, transaction logs (tLog), resolvers, log routers, and backup workers.
```

Author: Done.
